c:\users\podgi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AudioClient_Tom\AudioClient_Tom\bin\Debug\AudioClient_Tom.exe.config
c:\users\podgi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AudioClient_Tom\AudioClient_Tom\bin\Debug\AudioClient_Tom.exe
c:\users\podgi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AudioClient_Tom\AudioClient_Tom\bin\Debug\AudioClient_Tom.pdb
c:\users\podgi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AudioClient_Tom\AudioClient_Tom\obj\Debug\AudioClient_Tom.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\podgi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AudioClient_Tom\AudioClient_Tom\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\podgi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AudioClient_Tom\AudioClient_Tom\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\podgi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AudioClient_Tom\AudioClient_Tom\obj\Debug\AudioClient_Tom_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\podgi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AudioClient_Tom\AudioClient_Tom\obj\Debug\AudioClient_Tom_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\podgi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AudioClient_Tom\AudioClient_Tom\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\podgi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AudioClient_Tom\AudioClient_Tom\obj\Debug\AudioClient_Tom.g.resources
c:\users\podgi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AudioClient_Tom\AudioClient_Tom\obj\Debug\AudioClient_Tom.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\podgi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AudioClient_Tom\AudioClient_Tom\obj\Debug\AudioClient_Tom.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\podgi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AudioClient_Tom\AudioClient_Tom\obj\Debug\AudioClient_Tom.exe
c:\users\podgi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AudioClient_Tom\AudioClient_Tom\obj\Debug\AudioClient_Tom.pdb
c:\users\podgi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AudioClient_Tom\AudioClient_Tom\obj\Debug\Views\HomeView.g.cs
c:\users\podgi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AudioClient_Tom\AudioClient_Tom\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
c:\users\podgi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AudioClient_Tom\AudioClient_Tom\obj\Debug\Views\HomeView.baml
c:\users\podgi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AudioClient_Tom\AudioClient_Tom\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Interactions.dll
c:\users\podgi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AudioClient_Tom\AudioClient_Tom\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
c:\users\podgi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AudioClient_Tom\AudioClient_Tom\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Interactions.xml
c:\users\podgi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AudioClient_Tom\AudioClient_Tom\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.xml
c:\users\podgi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AudioClient_Tom\AudioClient_Tom\obj\Debug\App.baml
c:\users\podgi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AudioClient_Tom\AudioClient_Tom\obj\Debug\Views\SongView.g.cs
c:\users\podgi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AudioClient_Tom\AudioClient_Tom\obj\Debug\Views\SongView.baml
C:\Users\podgi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AudioClient_Tom\AudioClient_Tom\obj\Debug\Views\FriendView.g.cs
C:\Users\podgi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AudioClient_Tom\AudioClient_Tom\obj\Debug\Views\FriendView.baml
